Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning.
Today we're talking about Denoising Autoencoders.
Denoising Autoencoders is another
regularization technique, which is here
to combat the problem of when we have
more nodes in the hidden layer
than in the input layer and therefore
the Autoencoder can simply just
copy these values across without finding
any meaningful features and undergoing
the training that we want it to undergo,
and so, what we are going to do here
is we are going to take these input values
and we're going to move them to the left
and replace them with something else
and this something else is a modified
version of our input values. So, let's
say we have input values X1, X2, X3 and X4.
Well, what we are going to do is we're
going to take these inputs and
randomly out of them, we're going
to turn some of them into zeros,
just like that, and it's a parameter
you can specify in the setup of your Autoencoder,
it can be, for instance, half of
your inputs that you have are turned into zeros
every single time and it happens randomly,
so at every single pass it can be
different variables and then, once you
put this data through your Autoencoder
what you do in the end is you can
pair the output, not with the modified values,
but with their original values,
and that prevents the Autoencoder
from simply just copying that data
or those inputs all the way through
to the outputs because it's actually
comparing the output, not with the
noisy but with the original inputs
and that helps combat the problem
that we are facing and also it's
important to note here that because
this happens randomly, this type
of Autoencoder is a stochastic Autoencoder
so basically it depends on this
random generation, or random selection
of which values are going to be zeroed out
and, yeah, so it just becomes a
stochastic type of Autoencoder.
So there we go, that's how this,
how the Denoising Autoencoders work,
also quite a popular technique
you will hear about it and you
will come across it if you're going
to delve into the world of Autoencoders,
and in terms of additional reading, here is a
great paper by Pascal Vincent and others, 2008,
it's called Extracting and Composing
Robust Features with Denoising Autoencoders.
Exactly as you can see from the image,
exactly what we spoke about. So, there we go.
That's Denoising Autoencoders and
I look forward to seeing you next time,
until then, enjoy deep learning.